# DSB3Tutorial

This code is the companion for the tutorial located at https://www.kaggle.com/c/data-science-bowl-2017#tutorial

# About this repository

This repository is not intended to be an out of the box solution for the DSB challenge. It will not run out-of-the-box
without editing. That was not it's intention. The tutorial was put together rapidly by several people working in tandem
and the code herein is a collection of the code they used to produce the tutorial found on the DSB website. 

The intent behind this tutorial was to presented a series of steps that can be followed as a starting point for competitors. 
Our hope is that this can save competitors time in framing the problem and that they can lift some of this code to speed 
up their own solution generation. We expect that the competitors efforst will supercede this tutorial in short order--which
is, of course, the point of the competition. 

Thanks for participating and helping to advance cancer diagnosis!

#FAQ

## Why aren't I getting good segmentation with the weights supplied?

The unet weights supplied here were generated by training on a fraction of the LUNA 2016 data and the training set preparation
could be improved on. Some nodules are readily identified by the unet weights provided here, and others are not. We trained 
enough that it seemed that in principle this is a reasonable approach. If you would like to initialize your u-net with these 
weights, or use these to test out how a u-net segmentor works, you might find these weights useful. 

## The code doesn't run properly!

Please read the "About this repository" section

## I found a mistake, when are you going to fix it?

If you would like to submit a pull request to fix an issue that you found, we'll be happy to review it. Otherwise, we may not
get around addressing any errors you might find in this code. Making a note in the issues section will be very helpful for other
people that are perusing the repo. 

